Chanthaburi (Thai: จันทบุรี, pronounced [t͡ɕān.tʰáʔ.bū.rīː]; Chong: จันกะบูย, chankabui, lit: 'Lady Chan, Who wears a pan on her head') is one of seventy-six provinces (changwat) lies in eastern Thailand, on the border with Battambang and Pailin of Cambodia, on the shore of the Gulf of Thailand. Neighbouring provinces are Trat in the east and Rayong, Chonburi, Chachoengsao, and Sa Kaeo to the west and north.
Néstor Gastón Carbonell (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈnestoɾ ɣasˈtoŋ kaɾβoˈneʎ]; born December 1, 1967) is an American actor, director, and screenwriter. He came to prominence for his role as Luis Rivera in the NBC sitcom Suddenly Susan.
Kamrup Rural district (Pron:ˈkæmˌrəp or ˈkæmˌru:p); is an administrative district in the state of Assam in India formed by dividing the old Kamrup district into two in the year 2003; other being Kamrup Metropolitan district, named after region it constitute. The district, along with Nalbari, Barpeta, Kamrup Metropolitan, and Baksa districts have been created from the Undivided Kamrup district.
The Hong Kong Sevens (Chinese: 香港國際七人欖球賽) is considered the premier tournament on the World Rugby Sevens Series competition. The Hong Kong Sevens is currently the seventh tournament on the World Series calendar (following the Canada Sevens), and is held annually in Hong Kong on a weekend in late March or early April.
Harold Everett Greer (June 26, 1936 – April 14, 2018) was an American professional basketball player. He played for the Syracuse Nationals / Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association (NBA) from 1958 through 1973.
Carmel  is a city north of Indianapolis in Indiana. Home to 101,068 residents, the city spans 47 square miles (120 km2) across Clay Township in Hamilton County, Indiana, and is bordered by the White River to the east; Michigan Road (U.S. 421) and the county line to the west; 96th Street to the south and 146th Street to the north.
Amy Heckerling (born May 7, 1954) is an American film director. An alumna of both New York University and the American Film Institute, she directed the commercially successful films Fast Times at Ridgemont High, National Lampoon's European Vacation, Look Who's Talking, and Clueless.
A suspended cymbal is any single cymbal played with a stick or beater rather than struck against another cymbal. Common abbreviations used are "sus.
Érd (Hungarian: [eːrd]; German: Hanselbeck; Croatian: Andzabeg) is a town in Pest County, Budapest metropolitan area, Hungary.   == History == The area has been inhabited since ancient times.
